Add flag to check for uninitialized numbers (#1904)
rust-lang/miri: README.md

Miri adds its own set of `-Z` flags, which are usually set via the `MIRIFLAGS`
environment variable:

* `-Zmiri-check-number-validity` enables checking of integer and float

>   validity (e.g., initialization) as part of enforcing validity invariants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validity (e.g., they must be initialized and not carry pointer provenance) as part
  of enforcing validity invariants. This has no effect when
  `-Zmiri-disable-validation` is present.
```

Author: Done!
